
CELESTITE BEACON  
Seraphon constellations sometimes give these beacons  
to their allies, anticipating their need through the Great  
Plan. The black, glassy orb seems nondescript to most,  
but anyone with Witch-Sight can see it blazes with Azyrite  
magic. A beam of golden light lances into the sky where it  
breaks, beckoning for Seraphon aid.  
As an Action, the wielder can shatter the beacon and  
choose either bombardment or reinforcements. If the  
wielder chooses bombardment, starfire blasts down from  
the heavens. Every creature in the wielder’s Zone except the  
wielder suffers 5 Damage, ignoring Armour. If the wielder  
chooses reinforcements, 20 Toughness worth of friendly  
Starborne Seraphon creatures (GM’s choice) appear in the  
wielder’s Zone and enter the turn order at the start of the  
next round. The summoned Seraphon maintain physical  
form for 10 minutes, then discorporate back into light.  
Skinks (page 16) are the most common Seraphon, but  
other Seraphon characters or monsters could appear if the  
party has befriended them during their journeys.

EVERWINTER ICE SHARD  
Wherever the Everwinter roams, it leaves long trails of  
magical ice which traders sometimes chip away and sell.  
Everwinter Ice Shards melt over the course of months, and  
handling them with bare skin is a sure recipe for frostbite.  
In parched Aqshy, they are prized as sources of water, but  
they can also refrigerate food or augment weapons.  
When placed inside a body of water, the Everwinter Ice  
Shard is consumed and causes a Zone’s worth of water to  
freeze solid. When affixed to a weapon, the weapon deals  
+1 Damage and gains the Restraining Trait (as the target’s  
clothes or armour freeze on impact), although the shard  
shatters after the first hit.  

PHIAL OF MEMORIES  
A diffuse substance like ink swirls in this phial of Ulguan  
seawater. It contains the memories of a person abducted by  
the Idoneth, a byproduct of the process which obliterates  
that person from the minds of all who knew them. These  
phials usually contain snippets and fragments rather than  
complete life histories.  
Each phial is associated with a particular Skill, representing  
the experiences contained within. An observer can  
tell which Skill the phial contains with a DN 6:1 Soul  
(Intuition) Test. Drinking the phial grants the imbiber  
+2d6 on all Tests made with that Skill until their next Rest.  
However, consuming the shattered memories of another  
person has its side effects. If the imbiber is Soulbound,  
the second persona meddles with their connection to the  
Binding. Until the effect ends, they cannot use Soulfire.  
If the imbiber is a Stormcast Eternal, the new memories  
confuse their already damaged sense of self. Until the  
effect ends, they have Disadvantage on Opposed Tests  
which involve social interaction and they have trouble  
remembering their Short-term Goals.  
After the effect ends, the imbiber loses the bonus dice but  
can still recall the memories, albeit blurrily, like a halfforgotten dream.

QUICKSILVER HONEY  
Stingerspites native to the Realm of Metal produce  
a unique honey, infused with viscous Chamonite.  
Overconsumption causes numbness in one’s extremities,  
loss of coordination, and organ transmutation, but in  
small doses the honey has a similar effect to Ironbark oil.  
Sylvaneth from Karaznethil harvest the honey to share  
with their Duardin compatriots, so that both bark and  
skin can be as hard as metal.  
Ingesting a serving of Quicksilver Honey increases a  
creature’s Armour by 1. This effect lasts for one day,  
after which another serving must be eaten. Each pot of  
Quicksilver Honey contains enough honey for 5 servings.  
Alternatively, Quicksilver Honey can be used as a poison  
in food or drink. The target must make a DN 6:X Body  
(Fortitude) Test, where X equals the number of servings  
consumed in addition to the first. On a failure, the  
target’s body temporarily turns to metal and they become  
Restrained until they finish a Rest.


